Mongoose @Prop decorator ref example (#1475)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/mongo.md

name: string;
```

> In case if you want to specify relation to another model, later for pupulating, you can use `@Prop()` decorator as well. For example, if `Cat` has `Owner` which is stored in different collection called `owners`, property should have type and ref. For example:

Reviewer: Cats do not have owners, they have staff. 😺

Author: It can be staff or whatever, didn't find appropriate relation :)

> In case if you want to specify relation to another model, later for pupulating, you can use `@Prop()` decorator as well. For example, if `Cat` has `Owner` which is stored in different collection called `owners`, property should have type and ref. For example:

Reviewer 2: `In case you` not `In case if you`
`populating` not `pupulating`
`, the property` not `, property`

Author: > `In case you` not `In case if you`
> `populating` not `pupulating`
> `, the property` not `, property`

Fixes are in ea37bac9cc283eae1fcd8f5c317df9129be8d816

> In case you want to specify relation to another model, later for populating, you can use `@Prop()` decorator as well. For example, if `Cat` has `Owner` which is stored in different collection called `owners`, the property should have type and ref. For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In case you want to specify relation to another model, later for populating, you can use `@Prop()` decorator as well. For example, if `Cat` has `Owner` which is stored in a different collection called `owners`, the property should have type and ref. For example:
```

```typescript
import { Types } from 'mongoose';
import { Owner } from '../owners/schemas/owner.schema';

> @Prop({type: Types.ObjectId, ref: Owner.name})

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
@Prop({ type: Types.ObjectId, ref: Owner.name })
```

owner: Owner;
```

> In case if there are multiple owners, you property should be:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In case there are multiple owners, your property configuration should look as follows:
```

```typescript

> @Prop({type: [Types.ObjectId], ref: Owner.name})
> owner: Owner[];
> ```
> 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
@Prop({ type: [Types.ObjectId], ref: Owner.name })
owner: Owner[];
```

```
